foreign
[Music]
thank you for joining me again I just want to say how nice it is to be
able to sit and cover it with with a group like you are I've been watching
your comments and I appreciate them I noticed that several people are talking about their conversations with Lucifer
and I think it's important for us to work in your testimony
so I will be determining a format to do that on so um don't let your words of
inspiration be lost we need to bring together the congregation uh with
our witness of Lucifer fantastic
um tonight we're going to look at Zoe's tree I want to jump right into things
and I know that you're excited and I know that you've looked at some of the background and that these are not brand
new sources for you and a lot of you out there are ready but I'm gonna trip you
up and I'm going to bring you something that you probably haven't considered and
this is a document that is part of a collection of
Greco-Roman magical papyri discovered from Egypt and you know
somebody's somebody's garbage heap um yeah and these are fantastic excerpts
from the first century BC to anno domini
uh fourth fourth Century roughly somewhere in that range it's a range of
material and if you're really really good with the Greek you can distinguish
between which texts are earlier and which year later so how do we how do we get here and what does this have to do
with the tree of Zoe So if we're going to find the tree of Zoe you have to be
within the garden and so today we're gonna go meet someone
who works in the garden yeah he is called a root cutter
but he has a very specific method for
um harvesting the diamones the powers of
the plants and uh it's very it's a beautiful kind of mixture of religion
and botany and chemistry and oracular
vision all in one um I call it the spirit of almond not because I am almond
but because that is what the text calls itself
it is the spirit of Amen it's nice um let's go let's just go there now for our
initial text could you call up the spirit of Almond please
yeah yeah um here's the Greek so I just want to
show you I'll be working I'll be working with um yeah pull that down
um just by way of introduction I worked with John Scarborough at University of Wisconsin-Madison in the history of
Pharmacy and um I was in the classics Department there and he did the medical side so in
addition to Medicine he did the drugs he did a lot of research on the drugs and he was a translator for the modern the
only modern Edition in English that exists of these magical papyri yeah of
these magical papyri and that's the Hans Dieter bets Edition anyway John
Scarborough was one of those translators and um yeah we had a lot of fun we had a
lot of fun talking about the nuances of the Greek and how hard it is to translate in some of these texts it's
brilliant stuff but uh uh uh that's how we get to these texts in the first place
and so we're there we're going to bring I'm going to bring you a root cutter um when somebody told me when the head
of the department at University of Wisconsin told me that the Romans just
wouldn't do such a thing with the drugs right they just wouldn't do such a thing um I started looking and I'm trying to
break through to a populace of people that I think is now the time to break
through they're beginning to see the value of these drugs in medicine so
we're experiencing really a psychedelic Renaissance right get our drugs banner up there yes it's a psychedelic
Renaissance so I'm taking you back to somebody who was there
who was collecting and using drugs in ritual
um yes the Romans would do such a thing and they did such a thing a lot and why
don't we know this as moderns why is it that Harvard keeps fingering us right why do they keep doing this
um because these texts are not they're hard right you're going to have some Botanical knows you're gonna have some
medical knowledge you have to it it's a it's too much science and so it's much
easier if you're at Harvard to read Homer than it is to read some obscure
magical author who may be composing and beautiful
dactylic Sandler but you're just you just don't want to go there and they're going to start going there a professor
told me Professor from Brown told me it would take 10 years so I want to take
you ahead to that place where that Gardener is and I want to look at that
gardener so let's just pull up I'm going to pull up the Hans Dieter bets now our
translation by O'Neill I think this was done um they don't they don't translate uh
um the word root cutter I'll show you it in the text um he translates it herbalist uh the
word is literally a root cutter what is a root cutter these are weird weird
people right root Cutters are the ones that go out and they paint their bodies
and they perform nocturnal rituals right where they harvest
where they harvest their drugs and they imbue their drugs with the life of the dime
mode yeah it's it's an it's another one of these if you're a ghost you understand
it um it's another one of these art that this Arts that the sons of God passed on
um to their offspring yeah this Pharma case right
um yeah this sorcery so I'm giving you original sorcery and it wants to look at
this guy the root cutter and tell him how we get to the tree of Zoe we have to
be facing edim all right we have to be facing Adam so I
want you to face her mentally in these images that we're about to run through
but let's before he his cadaver gets too cold let's pull him out here and let's
get him uh on the show can you bring up the Hans Dieter bet tax place in the
English thank you yeah I want to read this one is that I'm
sorry let me just yes there we go so I'm going to read this to you and I'm going to stop a couple of times and make a
couple of comments from the Greek things that are relevant
um yeah so let's go gorgeousness and gorgeousity and you
know in order to get there we need to go through the Dark Harbor so um I will show you the the dark Harbor's
relevance in just one minute but let's read together shall we among the Egyptians herbs are always obtained like
this the herbalist there's our root cutter the herbalist first first
purifies his own body first he Sprinkles with Natron
and fumigates the herb with resin from a pine tree after carrying it around the
place three times burning kifi and pouring the libation of
milk as he prays he pulls up the plant while invoking by name the diamond to
whom the herb is being dedicated isn't that nice and calling upon him to
be more effective for the use for which is being acquired so this is this is
somebody that we're collecting you know we're in the process of collecting plants all right we're hanging out with
somebody who now has a vast Botanical knowledge and knows what plants do what
to you and on top of that we've put on this this um Natron right which is just sodium
bicarbonate right it's just uh it's just baking soda
yeah and anyway but for some reason when we're using ourselves to these plants
and you see this a lot with the different root Cutters you can find other root Cutters other places
um you need to know this Sophocles Sophocles was writing he wrote a Trilogy
one of the titles of which is the root cutters so this is a fantastically important
area in Antiquity euripides mother is one of these root cutters
yeah a rhizotomist if you want to use the term that comes directly from the
Greek good the risotto Moy the root Cutters is an entire play so uh um we
have this individual this occupation who is getting himself uh ready to collect
these plants and to and to be able to hold and uh what's he going what's he going
to do look at the invocation that comes up he speaks over any herb generally at the
moment of picking um is as follows right now here we go
here's the part if you're performing if you're involved in the saturnian magic
or if you're performing satanic magic you are now entering the images
in order to unlock the potential of the diamond
you have to have these things in your head it's quantum physics do I
understand it no the Sybil in uh on the Vatican set you
have to tr work or trust the allegory right right that's what's
that's what's uh that's how it works okay so sit with the image what images you were
sewn by Kronos um why don't you I'm going to read this and I want you to bring up the images
please you were sewn by Kronos nice you were sown by Kronos and that
word for sound there is literally to um throw the seed at right to implant
the seed right so cross is the seed implanter
yeah you were conceived and it it is an excellent translation it is conception
literally right because look at the line below we'll have birth so these are different images that
you're creating who is the one who conceives
right with her son Ares and how does she work she works through Venus what yes
she works through the curses the Ari okay just just hang on you weren't there
but now you're coming to the meetings you can start to hear the names you're going to start to know the images so I
need you to have the image of Kronos and I need you to have the image of Hera
right Hera is the queen of Queens and Cronus as the power of the degrading
um Power of time yeah love that the corrosive
yeah beautiful anyway you were maintained and why Chronos because we're saturnians brah we're here right we're
here for the sake of Satan right or saturnus right very good
um the Str some of you in the comments tonight you were talking about Ishtar and ass start the Str inanna 273 in
there as well the uh great comments the um Str root or the sigma Tau row root I
will argue is Greek it is Mycenaean it's where we get our word sottera you know
savior um um salvation it's the word we get
Historia from the word the inquiry that we ask in Oracle the question is the
history right it's the it's the root we get oysteros
from what is that's that stuff we put on our bows the purple The Midwives use it
to induce um delivery to induce delivery
yeah it's got some kind of art tell us and uh function beautiful I used to I used
to cut open brains there's nothing more beautiful than the human brain seriously okay let's keep reading I'm
Chronos you're selling by Chronos you were conceived by Hera you were maintained by Amon
maintained by Amon you were given birth by ISIS
there she is okay you were nourished by Zeus
which Zeus the god of rain God of rain interesting okay now I know
where I am if if I'm clever and I've read a lot of these texts I now I know
where I am in time and space and what Pantheon I'm dealing with this is old
Helios this is the star and the moon at the sun and the moon and the stars
that's what this is gorgeous good you were given birth by
give her the rain you were given growth by Helios and Dew mention his name there
he is Helios nice nice and what does that do
what does that do that it's talking about can we can we yes oh lovely lovely
can we show you the draw sauce yes look at this do do is a nice you
know remember we're with the victorians we're trying to get with Alice right uh in poets it's pure water
yeah there's even a mistress of the Dew Mistress of the Dew you ought to start
you ought to start paying attention to who this Mistresses do is notice that we
have katharas we have purifications involved here what look at number three
of other liquids that do which is of the vine right oh
that's nice so you mean that stuff that makes us feel funny yes exactly right
um good um it can even be the Young the Young
right the young you do you do what is that stuff we drink from The Cauldron it's stew
nice love it um hold on hold on to the images you
you are the do of all the gods remember who
what what happened did somebody start using drugs
um what's going on there's a guy who is digging up doesn't have to be a
man either can be a woman um there are midwives who are digging out these substances and getting every
getting their accoutrement on and having their energized they pick it at the right time he's going to tell you I
picked you at the right time the right place the right hour right they're picking this according to
the Stars right according to Venus it's why they're sitting out there while Venus is there collecting their herbs
right collecting did the did they use drugs in Antiquity my goodness look at
this an entire and an entire Papyrus about it okay fantastic this is gorgeous
okay um let's see you are the do of all the gods
you are the heart of Hermes you are the seed of the primordial Gods
you are the eye of Helios you are the light of Cellini
isn't that nice and just so that you understand what cult that we're in a mystery cult
he's going to bring up the resurrection you are the Zeal that that burning energy of Osiris
the Resurrected yeah isn't that nice yeah
you are the Beauty and the glory of uranos
you're the Beauty and the glory of Uranus do you know what happened you know what Kronos did
he castrated uranos he castrated him and what happened when
he casted him blood from his severed penis
splattered on the Earth and when it combined with Earth made the furies
the true enforcers of DK
right we as satanists we do not have right
we do not have right we have reason the Taliban the evangelicals
the Orthodox they have right and morality on their side
we have reason and reason always leads us to Justice
always leads us to Justice and how do we find her
through the Mysteries it's exactly what you're doing right we're seeing that figure okay let's keep going then
let's keep going and before our root cutter gets uh gets uh out of my control
yes um yeah so he listened to you he you're the heart of Hermes you're the heart of
Hermes do you know what the heart of Hermes is yeah yeah okay you're the seed of the
primordial gods right you remember that thing about the guarding of the seed The Head and the
heel yeah it's it's the terror root in Latin in Greek
excuse me and it means it means to Be watchful over something
yeah keep that in mind the images right that I'm giving you I'm feeding you the image just so that you can do the magic
um you're the light of Cellini eye of Helios you are the Zeal of Osiris
we're back in a bakic banquet you are the Beauty and the glory of Uranus you
are the soul of Osiris Osiris's diamond
okay you are the soul of Osiris's diamond
um so exalt yourself yeah
yeah well why are we exalting ourselves we
Revel in every place why because we are the spirit of Amon
we are the spirit of almond do you know the spirit of Amon
do you know the paraclete yeah it's good stuff it's good stuff don't
get too deep don't pull your head out for a minute think about where you are and everything
yeah as you have exalted Osiris so exalt yourself and Rise just as
Helios Rises each day your size is equal to the Zenith of
Helios Your Roots come from the depths but your powers are in the heart of
Horus whoops should be Hermes heart of Hermes your
fibers are the bones of Nevis show us the sacred Bowl will you show us
the sacred Bowl yeah who were we worshiping yeah we as saturnians we as satanists
who are we worshiping and you your flowers
are the Eye of Horus your seed is pan seed
why is he saying these things we're still talking to the plant right
we're still talking to the plant we're capacitating that plant
yeah yeah good
give us the power right he wants it notice further down Aries and Athena right we know what they do we know what
the r i do right we know what Aries really is and why she originally is that
power That We crave to be able to bring DK
are I are you one of the arai are you one of these Furies one of these curses
they often translate that curse um you should you should hope
that you are equal to the queen of Queens yeah I
start in Ishtar right Str what is that oystress for it's so that
we can enter this oracular state okay let's keep let's keep going I am acquiring you with good fortune and
good Diamond that's a little bit yeah I actually start after you read enough of this PGM you'll begin to see
the physics he's using the eudaimonic right the you demonic and he's throwing
in just a hint of necromancy with the 2K
right I told you guys if you want to make this work the saturnian magic you
have to resort to randomization right you have to resort to the sortace
and it's a physical um principle of the binary Cosmos that
the bi-dimensional cosmos that we inhabit now thank you MIT for
enlightening us all after saying this he rolls the harvested stock in a pure
linen cloth but into the place of its roots they threw seven seeds of wheat an
equal number of barley oh that's nice you're putting something back he's putting something back instead of just
taking away everything that's a nice gesture he mixes them with honey I don't know why I don't know some botanist I
mean tell us what's going on here after pouring in the ground uh which has done
which is which he has dug up he departs and he is going to be doing something
with this drug
that he is harvested um he's going to be using the very
powers that we were calling upon right it's an oral incantation
it's images that as he's digging out the plant with his protective gear on right
because that's all that is that's sodium bicarbonate it's a you know it's a protective gear for a botanist who's
into pharmacology uh wonderful wonderful stuff um and he's burning he's burning incense
in in the process and he's fumigating he saw it in the beginning um with the pine resin the retina that
that's um he is creating a templum a space
where the power of that God can exist right these are idolaters right they
don't just call them idolaters because they have giant stone temples they do
have giant stone temples but they call them idolaters because their actions
are based on the a dolon so when you make an adalon so say you're
in training right and you're supposed to carry out an assassination let's just
start with that an assassination yeah and so what you are doing is you
have to first bring your Aid along you have to construct your Aid alone
it's an image and then you take this image
you purify the space around it so that it can be filled
with the dimones with the powers
and then you take that that thing that you've purified that thing you've imbued you can do this with
people too the thing that you've imbued with the spirit they call those forced
possessions that's a beautiful area of of ancient magic necromancy imagine
forced possession right it's like VR but active
um it's a it's a real VR um uh control somebody from a distance
like a remote control anyway and they've got death if you're going to enter into one of these
crafts you have to be able to know how to charge those substances
right to charge those instruments those are all instruments from which you are
able to bring that power okay from that Dimension it's
overlapping ours to this one and so you get a lot of
uh explanations ancient explanations of the actual physics behind all of this
binding and how it works and who knows maybe someday people will find some some
interest in that kind of thing but I think we are just about over
um I'll just wrap up can you bring up the with with the Bible study can you
and you're saying wait a minute I just thought we were studying by we are we are we're studying the garden and where
you have to start where you have to find there's the tree imbued with the power
to Open the Eyes right and you have to go to that Guardian who is there that
one who's tenail the one who is guarding that source and imbuing it with power
giving it the power so that our eyes can be open you have to face Adam
notice the text says you have to face Adam that's where you find Paradise
and um remember that the the Chaldeans
have oracles that thankfully got recorded right oh
and in those oracles they talk about the physics behind this
the generation for example of the hecatic sphere that's what we're doing
right we're using that lightning they call it lightning right in order to create a space where that power can be
housed and manipulated when we take our adalon we take our Idol that we're going
to strap around our neck or bury on our bury our neighbors front step to their
domicile um or that we're going to take to a temple and offer and a temple or we're going to wear all the time and freak
people out when we do that we offer to those that a dollar those images we ate the
law and singular it we offer to them the um food
in clothing and shelter
and if you are a Christian you do not eat what we have offered
from to hackathy because if you do you might develop that resistance
that Paul has to the snake venom right and if you don't you might have a problem with it
right two out of three of these you know we end up with troubles when they're infants two out of three babies
at least that's what our death count this is the best stats we can get two out of three babies die that go through
this process yeah but the one that's generated from it
that's a son of God yeah yes now do you see now some people
talk to Satan that's the conclusion of our Bible study I want you to know that
what I'm doing is I'm setting your orientation to Adam and so that we can approach the tree of Zoe it belongs to
Zoe right um it's Zoe's tree the thing you call the tree of life you don't even know
it's Zoe's tree belongs to her yeah
we have to have a gardener to get us we have to stay real we have to stay with the gardener
right we have to we really want to do this and we really want to talk to Satan if we want to bring those images in
alignment so that we can see with eyes open if we if we really want to do that we
have to stay rational we have to stay reasoned so um so as not to fall into the grips
of any of any faith or any Dogma remember we as satanists we
don't have we don't have faith we don't have Dogma we have reason
that's what we have as a reason so I'm I'm gonna as we delve deeper into the
garden and we come across the elwa
um and we find the tree I can be guiding you in the images that
will allow you to um have opened eyes
so thank you tonight for the this uh stage one Greek magical papyri lovely
stuff if you're ever in the if you're ever in the mood for some interesting reading I recommend to everybody to be
reading the Greek magical papyri I know that some of you read Lord Byron
and I know that others of you are reading other um patriarch I think somebody dug into
some patchmark the secret that I told you to get into so these are all
um if you'll notice in a kind of an eerie way there seems to be the same
cult that is expressed over time um just to give you a heads up it's a
Renaissance thing I want you somebody in the group to be able to read boccaccio
and I want you to see how he has taken her and he has split her from an
individual from a vampires from a half fire and a half half Viper half virgin
he has taken her and he has split her into different lives
so that you can see the eternality of the sotera
yeah you can see her and remember Jesus is a vampire with breasts right we all
we know that by now he's wearing the he's wearing the women's lingerie in the book of the Apocalypse
right and people don't like to look at it right but there it is he's wearing the sexy lingerie and he's got the
breast and some of the early Christian authors talk about his life-giving milk right that comes from his breasts why
because sottera the Savior has life-giving milk
yeah um and it says he's got a womb too says he's got a womb yeah why
sometime it's we're gonna we're getting too close to the hermaphrodite to show
you the hermaphrodite right um to to find
her yeah Goddess of War
gorgeous gorgeous the place that we all come is the Grove of Mars right why why
do we all come to the Grove of Mars because that is where we get that
little bit of lineage of
um that queen of Queens the Palm basilea right um and she is if I recall you that up
and show you um she is that Venus and you'll be surprised because you're like I didn't know Hera was that yeah yeah guess what
it's Trinity and she is a virgin mother Queen um who is desire everybody's always
shocked they always freshmen in college love to ask this who is the best looking
goddess right who is the best looking goddess and they don't understand they don't
understand that um as in the contest of Paris of which goddess deserves the
golden apple right as was pointed out with that entire you
know war-starting business um the Apple belongs to the Trinity of
the Virgin the the queen of queens and um desire
yeah it's it's uh gorgeous it's gorgeous and they um they understand it okay I would like
to ask if we have I'm going to look at your comments and maybe um flash a couple of comments up here
that are directly relevant um so let me just go here
um let's see here what yeah somebody you know the flashlight what about Dante right what
about Dante doesn't Dante have a civil you okay you who wrote that about Dante
call up is Ghost find us the Sybil find us the burning purple would you do that
please thank you thank you was that Graham no it's Rat King no it's right
hey there's another one here let's see what we got what do we got here are you telling me the wound in Jesus sign was
his vagina absolutely not he's better than that right no
absolutely not but you know what came out of that woman when they poked him because he was already dead most people
don't realize that they were surprised that he was already dead it takes long to die from crucifixion right right it's
not blood loss you're not dying from blood loss yeah so um you die from
strangulation slow strangulation uh um anyway
um you had to be there right and the guys that were there they poked him they poked him in the side because they
didn't know why he was dead right they're like dude it's faking it right here Lansing and when they Spilled
Out all that water and that blood did was thirsty drinking lots of water just like just like we know that they do when
they're under the influence of the dip sass yeah in the mystery makes you really thirsty gives you polydipsia
yeah um there's an antidote for it they tried to give Jesus the vinegar on the cross
right vinegar that word vinegar is their word in the geoponica for the out of the
to the dipsets which would make you be yelling out and thirsting so are there
any drugs that are being used not only are there drugs that are being used in these texts not only did the Romans use
drugs um but your entire history of what you have thought Christianity was
is because of its drugs you have no idea
you have no idea you have no idea why the pope pardoned Mary Magdalene for using sex drugs for
possessing sex drugs you have no idea right it's a whole world we have it's
not made it through the filter okay let's go to more questions yeah Jesus
wore women's lingerie can you tell us more yeah go to the Apocalypse
and watch him you know I had a I had a student this week tell me um
I was working with her in some Greek literature we were doing Plato Symposium
and we're talking about Eros and who is Eros you know and what that means we're
with the socratics and the flute girls and you know alphabetes was getting kind of out of
hand anyway they got some stuff going on um but uh uh in the in the process
um I asked her to convey to someone the um
the idea that you are worshiping you are worshiping Lucifer you don't realize it
but you are satanic as it stands right now right and how could you possibly say
that if you are an Evangelical you are practicing a satanic or
saturnian mystery and you said no I'm not no I'm not I'm not doing that right
I'm not doing that well um let me show you how you are the
saturnian savior is called the morning star or the bringer of dawn
and that he she wears lingerie
and that he she is your Jesus and um the response we know Jesus is not
yes look at Jesus in The Book of the Apocalypse where he says I jesus am the
Morning Star all dressed up all right he's got the girdle on and
everything yeah it's it's gorgeous um your part if
you are a what is the real wrinkle here is that if you are a an Evangelical if
you are practicing Christian right a follower of the faith you are
following a saturnian or satanic mystery
yeah it turns out Q Anon is is turned upon its own head right
because the baby Essence drinkers are
the followers of the Christ yeah isn't that weird
yeah it makes you feel kind of disoriented let's see what what other what was the deal with Noah and his wife
daughter is Noah's Ark related to the Argos yeah um and Jay that's a wonderful
question to do that rat king nice job Rat King I like the name by the way is that are
you some kind of gangster or something I need we need gangsters
for our satanic congregation um what was the deal with Noah and his wife slash daughter yeah the Sybil right
she says she's in her song she says she's that wife slash daughter yeah
gorgeous yeah what is he doing with his ark right what is he doing with his
container um his wife tries to burn it well she
doesn't try to she Burns it three times most people think Arc boat fantastic
we're all set nobody knows that his wife came out and burned it three times
burned it yeah um and that word for Arc can be a box used in a mystery right
yeah he was the man of righteousness and he was that man of righteousness
because of his initiation he was the one who was preserving
the rights right this is remember this isn't the generation when the sons of God came into the daughters of men and
they taught them all that drugs and they taught them all the the astrology and
they taught them all the geometry I don't know why it's about to learn geometry there you go
um uh they taught them the crafts that it was necessary metal working
yeah the metal working and the way to manipulate the fire yeah we need Hephaestus right we need a
Festus that that fire what are you talking about I'm talking about another dimension that you cannot see
right and that's how you access this saturnian mystery is through seeing you
have to have your eyes opened I don't want you to come in here and say I've been baptized I didn't know I feel like
a different person no I want you to see in a way that relates a reality to you
that you haven't known when you realize you've suddenly seen and you're awake
you realize your life beforehand was sleep was sleep
yeah so it's time for the sleeper to awaken yeah fantastic right it's
Resurrection don't you guys won't be Resurrected yeah Who removed the goddess desecrated
the divine feminine and made young boys the heart of the mystery you said it happened before Christians
was it Pythagoras right at the beginning this is a great question uh Lord Snappy yes uh
um right from the beginning as the right is emerging there there is a movement to make it
into a boys only initiation it's done and there are temples put all over the
Mediterranean under the name of eracles
the glory of Hera okay the Glorious Hera do you see that
we're back to the original Trinity that's in the mystery right um and Heracles is known in his cult you
can't uh it's only uh men and boys it's there
and why is it men and boys because it was a woman and a boy
and the only woman that's allowed to come to these cult activities is one that's the medwa the
Medea that's it she can only come in and um why is that why is that because it's
her Dark Harbor right Hera in her orific hymn is the one who in Amy who remains
within who functions within the Dark Harbor the Dark Harbor that we were talking
about right we're working on this formula and we know that the Galena allows us to
function right the Hilaria allows us Hilaria allows us to function within the
Dark Harbor yeah yeah nice so who took her out
um if I was to have to to give an academic answer I would
all right I think we're back thank you it for a moment there everything went
black and I just I just had to ride the wave but I'm I'm back so we're talking
about Resurrection we're talking about Resurrection rights and you are entering into that process
of death and resurrection and that is the way that the Cults follow they call
it the way yeah gorgeous gorgeousness and gorgeousity and all
um linked into one let me see um let me get any more questions here that
just might I don't know that just might kind of spark something um
yeah Lord selbeck are the four corners love it lady Babylon are you related to
the Jew did you in the Chaldean oh yeah yeah no I
um uh I have a tremendous respect for the man Julian
um AKA Julie and the apostate and did Julian know of the purple yes he
did did Julian practice the mystery yes he did did Julian attempt to restore the
mystery and restore the oracle yes he did and Julian was killed by one of his
own soldiers who threw a spear into his back one of the soldiers from the Christian
a unit and all Christian unit right because we're still we still have
this resistance between pagans and Christians we idolaters who go out and
we pick our plants and Our Midwives perform their rituals and their medicine
and their healing um we're we're visibly different from the Christians visibly
the first anti-drug laws are all started by the Christians
it is a mechanism that's used to pull property and power away from pagans it's
despicable it's despicable your Christian Heritage is built upon drug
use it's built upon it yeah otherwise we wouldn't be calling
him a great physician you know what I mean and he wouldn't be going around healing and he wouldn't be going around
touching children in ways that upset parents and he wouldn't be ending up arrested in a public park at 4am with a
naked boy by the way you notice the use of the Lenin it's a linen bandage
yeah yeah linen and drugs
and demonic power over plants yeah it's beautiful oh it's gorgeous
stuff okay um I don't want to keep you too long people said hey you're a big mouth don't go over an hour right
so um let me just make a couple of comments for those of you who want to continue for those of you who want to
continue with the Greek magical papyri you can get the Hans Dieter bets edition
of it you can get the Hans Dieter bets it's called the Greek magical papyri and translation for those of you who want
the Greek of the Greek magical papyri you can go online to um the editor just
plug in the editor's name praise and dance um
p-r-i-e-s-e-n-d-a-n-z I think it is it may be TZ but um praise and dance and that's the editor
of The Originals and they will have um the Greek that I flashed up earlier
um yeah and so yeah and for those of you who are on the necromantic jaunts I want
you to continue I need to figure out how to record your conversations I need a
time of testimony to um something that you something that you can tell me can anybody just tell me uh quickly what
Satan told to them we had one question from last time somebody said who is Satan and I said why don't you ask him
right Mr I forget who it was Joe I think it was Joe where is Joe is he around
um who did Satan tell you he was is there anybody in the group who can tell us through Lord Byron
yes what did you soak your shirt in
you get nice you guys have a sense of humor I like that I like that keep that up that's that makes it fun
um Joe Jones there he is Masonic traveler nailed you Joe what is what did you find out is Joe here if he's not
here okay if he's not here then we don't find out did Satan say anything to anyone else do we do we have any yeah
her medical apocalyptic Journey Satan told me G wait
Satan told me Jesus is Lord should I trust him are you sure that Satan told
you Jesus is Lord no are you sure it doesn't
yeah it doesn't um yeah Lord of um it sounds here's the
problem with that that smacks of modernity I would expect somebody who has let me sense
I sense some Protestant no yes I sent some Protestant
background yes Jesus loose Satan told me Jesus is
Lord yeah right um here's what we don't do
if we don't play games we're necromancers and we deal with evidence we deal with evidence so somebody on the
line tell me what did Satan say to you right um Jesus is Lord yes right okay Lord Byron
Lord Byron where'd you go Satan was the bringer of light let there be light and there was light Satan told
me he is Zeus Satan told you he is Zeus
Satan tells you Zeus are you sure that Satan told you he was this
yeah how do you know it was Satan yeah again we need the definition we need to
know who was Satan for those of you who talk with Satan who is he who is he what did he tell you who is he
does he tell you who he was for those of you who did the exercise Lucifer told me
that we need to bring back the banjo okay
here's what I'm gonna do I'm gonna carry that report to the ears of Lucifer I'm
going to let him know that we have a musician in our ranks that's fantastic we'll see we'll see what yeah we'll see
what the he made me kiss his anus yes right oh that's a good point the anus
thanks for bringing that up Brian Ryan the anus yeah who is his anus that's his
helper right that's his daughter for those of you who don't know most of you don't know you don't know who the mother
if anybody who spent time with with Lord Byron can any of you tell me after
you're talking with Satan who his mother is who is Satan's mother
right this I mean seriously where is Harvard when you need them would the Harvard people the last video I saw with
a Harvard person from the religious studies Department doing naughty things to someone the last thing I heard they
didn't know that Satan existed um I want to know who his mother is do
we have his mother in the text and yes Lord Byron tried to tries to show you right if you have ears to hear
he tries to show you who is that who is she does imrino Venus
yeah okay any other any other um guesses we're going to hold Venus any
other guesses
yeah oh he told me that he was he told me that what would fertilize okay
because cathars eat it Lucifer okay so a lot of a lot of answers but nothing from
the so far nothing is correct I'm never gonna lie to you people right I'm not going to tell you I know
who the mother of Satan is right we know who she is
we have texts to back us up so here's my question for you do you really want this do you really deserve
to know who the mother of of of the Morning Star is do you know who he wants
to bring the dawn bringer yeah yeah I think that's uh I think that's
I think that's pretty serious so um banjos aside and joking aside and
anybody who um um anybody who wants to play get into a
contest with the devil go down to Georgia um yeah the Muse somebody said the muse
The Muse yeah that's the first the fur answer that I think that we can
support I think that we can support the devil on the nine it's lovely it's a code you're
gonna love it where I'm gonna open it up for you I'm gonna profane it okay so um
I appreciate appreciate his input Zoe look at Zoe some clever who's the clever
that was Lord Subic Lord Sobek is so it is so clever yeah isn't it isn't yeah
nice okay um look people have been going to the Discord okay Japan right isn't Satan pan
I thought pan was dead yeah
the pan was dead um yeah who is that with Pam that we saw
there by the way um for those of you for those of you who uh have given me your time tonight thank
you I appreciate it and I appreciate your patience with this format and for us working at the details of it I want
to keep bringing you um for those of you who are interested I want to keep bringing you the most
esoteric the most under-translated or untranslated
um documents that we've got to show you the environment in which Christianity
and Judaism emerged from Satanism from Bronze Age saturnian s t r religion when
you say a start you say something you just don't realize it beautiful oh
love it thank you for tonight and uh uh um please continue to read on continue
to probe right the real stuff no ideas no faith just reason go to
those texts and reason um we'll see you guys for the service and uh more raising of the Dead
[Music]
um